hi girls once again a star
tutorial to understand our letter
staff today we're going to look for the signs
of success in your astral chart once
you enter astro dotcom what's important
is that once you have the letter
opposite you understand that it is a circle of
12 houses each house governs an area of
our life to seek success or
our professional vocation the most
important is of course to know where
is the sun the sun depends on its centuries
and the house where it's indicated where we're going
to shine and let's shine despite
what we are looking for what we are
waiting because the sun shows our
qualities like who says mouth
for outside like this perceives us the people thus
we do not want
this girl with the sun in air is
perceived as an initiator to as a
fire star as has the sun in the house
number 11 which is the house of the groups
it is also the home of the hearings by
so she can be the leader of a
group or talk in front of big
hearings and incite those people to
to start a job in your life
then we see what the ascendant is
because although the sun is the goal the
ascending is the way to get to
that goal if there is no outside initiator
like all the others to ibex like that with the
ascending in gemini this person is going
to do through communication and not
you fall into the error of thinking that the
communication is only talk about how
is listening to me there are many ways to
communicate the gemini signs that govern
Mercury is everything that helps us
take what we have inside out
can be through photos can be to
through the language of hands can be to
through sculpture painting any
type of expression to know what kind of
expression is going to use this girl yo
I have to look for who governs the
rising that is mercury and mercury
is also engaged in house number
11 therefore this girl can be a
initiator to someone who inspires or who
Advise the group of people or the group
of business for example to
your finances to be an ending already
coaching these people could also
be a women's psychologist who
helps boost your self-esteem and could
give workshops that is the most important thing
after analyzing these parts
analyze the half sky the most part
high of the letter or when you
listen or read in a horoscope that I say
the top of your letter I mean this
zone that is here lbs the middle heaven is
our public part our area of
success or clear personal improvement
success depends on what it means for
you maybe for maybe for my success it's
get married and maybe for you success is to be
manager of a successful company in a
too personal term especially in
these times
then lbs will tell me what is your
idea of ​​success and how are you going to do
finally perceived apart from your alone
how to make that climb to the top
this girl as she has in the mc to the sign
Pisces tells me that she will use
subtle methods of inspiration for
with other people also with pisces in
the ascending with the ms is very possible
that she is not seen clearly
people who have pisces in the middle
sky may have situations of fraud
or in which they are blamed for copying to
someone else because phishing dissolves the
ego and this kind of people believe that
that idea is yours but maybe you were inspired
on the other hand and do not remember remember
that pisces is the sign one of the signs
more dispersed and it is not so much
thinking how in the competition that is
another thing that as piscis lacks ego
this person can lose the drive to
grow to compete already in that case
we would have to observe where it is at
Mars but we will not extend until
there something else that we should take in
account is that in the middle heaven the
planet that is taller than him is a
planet a satellite is the moon indicates me
again that she's going to be seen as
a mother and especially as we are
talking about having mercury regent
of the ascendant in Taurus in the house 11
that was when I told them about women's
empowerment to reinforce self-esteem
it would be an excellent therapist
start attending to people from one to
one and then start giving workshops that
they cover larger audiences because the
sun ends at house number 11
so I hope you can use me a little
guide the steps are easy if you do not
they want to roll up a lot they use
only the sun of the sun pass in the
ascendant in my astral have drawings
that explain what each house means
and they also have a section that
call star 101 where you will understand that
means the sun in every century
if you like this explanation write
the so back urban and I can do
a weekly session of this video of this
type of videos to advise them to look for
your vocation your profession and your purpose
in the natal chart they have excellent
day